rjhy_pay__t_order    create_time
rjhy_pay__t_order_refund create_time
rjhy_libra_uranus__t_order   update_time
rjhy_order__t_sub_order  updatetime
rjhy_order__t_sub_order_refund   refundtime
lcsdb__t_order_unfinish  updatetime
lcsdb__t_main_order_status   update_time
ecourse_trade__invoice   update_time
ecourse_trade__user  updated
public_pay__alipay_back  created
public_pay__deposit_order    update_time
public_pay__offline_coupon   created
public_pay__offline_pay_channel  updated
public_pay__offline_pay_info updated
public_pay__pay_order    updated
public_pay__product_order    updated
public_pay__refund   updated
public_pay__union_pay_record update_time
public_pay__wepay_back   created
rjhy_libra_uranus__t_order_coupon_refund update_time
rjhy_libra_uranus__t_order_refund    update_time
rjhy_libra_uranus__t_order_relegate  update_time
rjhy_libra_uranus__t_sub_order   update_time
rjhy_libra_uranus__t_sub_order_refund    update_time
lcsdb__t_order_refund    createtime
lcsdb__t_order_refund_portion    applytime
lcsdb__t_order_relegate  createtime
lcsdb__t_product updatetime
ecourse_trade__axq_sign_contract_record  create_time
ecourse_trade__open_permission   created
lcsdb__t_order   updatetime